## Songmeaning.ai

Songmeaning.ai is a web application that provides AI-generated articles analyzing the meanings of songs, including those that may not be famous enough to have their meanings extensively explored on popular platforms like Genius.com. The project aimed to attract users through organic SEO, capitalizing on the millions of monthly searches for music lyric meanings.

## Features

AI-generated articles for song meanings
Sentiment analysis and mood analysis of song lyrics
Tagging of songs based on the theme/mood of their lyrics
Song recommendation feature
FAQ section for song facts and inspirations behind the lyrics, scraped from the internet

## Technologies Used

Next.js: A React framework for building server-side rendered and statically generated web applications
TypeScript: A typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript
Prisma: An open-source database toolkit for Node.js and TypeScript
MySQL: A popular open-source relational database management system
shadcn UI: A UI component library for building modern web applications
OpenAI API: An API for accessing powerful language models developed by OpenAI
Anthropic API: An API for accessing advanced AI models and services provided by Anthropic



## Usage

Browse through the song meanings generated by the AI
Explore the sentiment analysis, mood analysis, and tags for each song based on lyrics
Use the song recommendation feature to discover similar songs based on Lyric sentiment analysis
Read the FAQ section to learn interesting facts about the songs and their lyrics


Next.js
TypeScript
Prisma
MySQL
shadcn UI
OpenAI
Anthropic


## Contact
For any inquiries or feedback, please contact the project maintainer at tonychoi3580@gmail.com.


## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!


